Four score and seven years ago, when I was but a young man, and the sunlight danced above me and drew my eyes to it like a wingless moth, I remember my mother in the kitchen, cooking INTERNET RECIPE. The smells were all-encompasing; the sounds a cacophany, such that my other senses were held fast with the overload of these two senses. And then came the taste - of a single piece of juicy red capsicum. Then, a stalk of green onion - the greenest part of the stem, with which one might use for garnish. I utterly demolished these offerings from my mother - officially off breast milk and now well-practised and shoving whatever what near into my gob. Compared to my younger siblings, my mum would tell me later, I was the only one who liked the spring onion. I didn't cast it aside, off the high chair and onto the floor below (despite the large catchment area of the table, stained with splotches of pasta sauce from previous missed delivery attempts). I indugled and I have loved all thing smelly (onion, garlic etc) ever since.
Speaking of capsicums, I'm aware that these are called "peppers" by people in other countries, but I continue to be be referring to them by their proper name. Suffer in ya jocks, pepper-countries.
To be fair to those countries, it is more efficient to say "pepper" - you save a syllable each time. Imagine what you could do with all that time saved with all those syllables. I do, however, witness Australians, and the way we shorten anything at all (service station = servo, chocolate = choccie, afternoon = arvo, capsicum != capo), and by that yardstick, we should be the most efficient people in the world, but in no way, shape or form is that the reality.
Anyway, while my mum was cooking INTERNET RECIPE for me for the first time, and I was chewing on some vegetables, 



A quick aside - how good's the movie Ratatouille? I reckon that's what inspired me to feed the local rats the good cheese.

Of course, the war changed not only the foundation of the world, but the base of the entire INTERNET RECIPE. Suddenly, my great-grandmother had to change from using beef stock to veegtable stock, which was a matter of necessity more than anything else. She also did away with using a dismantled gun barrel to stir INTERNET RECIPE while it lay simmering away; she could go back to using her trusty wooden spoon.

This was the same year that I won my first grand final in football, which is important to understand when cooking INTERNET RECIPE. I had INTERNET RECIPE the night before,
